um so first in China you can't access so
you got a V ternal then close these
stupid applications close these
advertisements now type in WWI was it
sought security kiss calm
security kiss calm and click begin
browsing close these advertisements and
click on this download button in the
middle and there's like for windows/mac
line its iPhone iPad and utters and
mine's a Mac so I'm gonna click download
and it's gonna start download if it
doesn't start downloading just send an
email to this now it's gonna come up on
your desktop like this dmg file you open
it and it's gonna have this you drag
this application to the desktop after
that you just open it hold on
you can't I kiss Facebook me tryna right
it's really slow and it doesn't load the
page so what we do space looks really
slow and it doesn't load at all so
there's two requesting your oka waterish
good now open tunnel Blake the side
corner there's this black thing just
click on the random location that you
want just random location just two nodes
can disconnect in connect it whatever
you want
so it's connecting to the Chicago server
but you can just access it anywhere on
earth you don't have to have a specific
IP address to enter now when is connect
it open a new tab you can access
Facebook really easily just like
that so that's how you use it
you